(DOCSP-14601): Testing and Debugging (#910)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/android/advanced-guides/testing.txt

   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. seealso::

   See the `Unit Testing Example App
   <https://github.com/realm/realm-java/tree/master/examples/unitTestExample>`__
   for information on how {+service-short+} can be combined with JUnit3,
   JUnit4, Robolectric, Mockito and PowerMock.

Android Studio Debugging
------------------------

> There’s a small “gotcha” to be aware of when working using Android
> Studio: the debugger can provide misleading values depending on the
> debugging view you’re using.

Reviewer: suggestion: frame this in a warning to immediately draw attention. Additionally, is there a bug report for this that we could link to?

```suggestion
.. warning::
   
   The Android Studio debugger can provide misleading values depending on the view
   you are using.
```

Author: I don't think there's anything that we can actually do to fix this -- it's sort of the nature of the Android Studio debugger and Realm's lazy loading conflicting with one another. The only fix that I can think of is an explicit check in the Android Studio debugger for Realm Objects to fix this, but I don't think that there's much chance of getting attention to that!

Reviewer: Oh, I meant just as an intro, not putting the entire thing in a warning.

> For example, adding a watch in Android Studio on a

Reviewer: If you accept the above suggestion, this will need to be rephrased. Perhaps

This guide details information you should keep in mind when debugging with Android Studio and cases where wrong values will be displayed. For example...

> {+service-short+} object displays values of the fields. Unfortunately,
> these values are wrong because the field values are not used.

Reviewer: nitpick: The use of 'Unfortunately' here isn't necessary and feels unnecessarily negative about another product. Let's let the reader decide their subjective feelings.
 
```suggestion
{+service-short+} object displays values of the fields. These values 
are wrong because the field values are not used.
```

{+service-short+} creates a proxy object behind the scenes and overrides
the getters and setters in order to access the persisted data in the
{+realm+}. Adding a watch for any of the accessors will yield the
correct values. See the image below:

.. figure:: /images/android-studio-debugging.png

>    :alt: When using the Android Studio debugger, accessors display the correct field value, while fields show outdated information.

Reviewer: Excellent! Purely objective.

In the image above, the debugger has stopped on line ``113``. There are
three watch values:

- the ``person`` variable
- the ``person.getName()`` accessor
- the ``person.getAge()`` accessor

The code from lines ``107`` to ``111`` alters the ``person`` instance by

> changing the name and age in a write transaction. On line ``113``, where
> the debugger is currently paused, the ``person`` watch instance reports

Reviewer: suggestion: it feels safe to remove this and reduce words without changing the meaning

```suggestion
changing the name and age in a write transaction. On line ``113``, the ``person`` watch instance reports
```

incorrect values for the *field* watch values. The watch values that use

> the *accessors* for report values that are correct. You can also use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the *accessors* report values that are correct. You can also use
```

the {+service-short+} object ``toString()`` method to see the latest

> field values.

Reviewer: Should this information be conveyed earlier?

Author: I'll see if I can whip this up into the warning at the top of the section.

NDK Debugging
-------------

> The {+service-short+} Android SDK library contains native code. We
> recommend that you use a crash reporting tool, such as
> `Crashlytics <http://www.crashlytics.com/>`__, to track native errors
> so we are in a better position to help you if something goes wrong.
> 
> Debugging NDK crashes is usually cumbersome as the default stack trace
> provides minimal information. Crashlytics allows you to capture valuable
> NDK crash information. To enable NDK crash reporting in Crashlytics for

Reviewer: suggestion: This feels a bit disjointed.

```suggestion
The {+service-short+} Android SDK library contains native code. 
Debugging NDK crashes can be cumbersome as the default stack trace
provides minimal information. 

We recommend you use a crash reporting tool such as
`Crashlytics <http://www.crashlytics.com/>`__ to track native errors
and gather other valuable information so we are in a better position 
to help you if something goes wrong.

To enable NDK crash reporting in Crashlytics for
```

   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. seealso::

   See the `Unit Testing Example App
   <https://github.com/realm/realm-java/tree/master/examples/unitTestExample>`__
   for information on how {+service-short+} can be combined with JUnit3,
   JUnit4, Robolectric, Mockito and PowerMock.

Android Studio Debugging
------------------------

.. warning::
   
   The Android Studio debugger can provide misleading values for
   {+service-short+} object fields. For correct values, you can watch
   accessor values instead, or use the {+service-short+} object
   ``toString()`` method to see the latest field values.

This guide details information you should keep in mind when debugging
{+service-short+} applications with Android Studio to avoid incorrect

> value reporting. For example, adding a watch in Android Studio on a

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: I was trying to figure out whether you meant "this section" rather than "this guide" or whether NDK Debugging should be a subtitle under Android Studio Debugging. I'm still not certain after looking up NDK, so I'd request more information to make it clear, but maybe someone with more context on Android Studio can figure it out.

Author: section seems like a better term, thanks.

{+service-short+} object displays values of the fields. These values 
are wrong because the field values are not used.
{+service-short+} creates a proxy object behind the scenes and overrides
the getters and setters in order to access the persisted data in the
{+realm+}. Adding a watch for any of the accessors will yield the

> correct values. See the image below:

Reviewer 2: Is there another way we could word this to avoid future tense (since the style guide mentions to avoid it https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/writing/use-present-tense/)?
Perhaps something like "Add a watch on any of the accessors to see the correct values."

.. figure:: /images/android-studio-debugging.png
   :alt: When using the Android Studio debugger, accessors display the correct field value, while fields show outdated information.

In the image above, the debugger has stopped on line ``113``. There are
three watch values:

- the ``person`` variable
- the ``person.getName()`` accessor

> - the ``person.getAge()`` accessor

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: according to the style guide, we should capitalize list items https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/style/lists/#list-items
